May I help you?
I'm busy.
Don't worry, I'll get you and your car back on time
You are Mr. Cui from Zhengang Group
You know me?
Ask for another ten years
I bike to work every day.
Who in Xuancheng doesn't know you and disappoints you? What do you mean?
I'm in a lawsuit
Mr. Cui, I think you may be mistaken.
I only take cases from female clients, I know
So who is it if it's not me?
My wife, this is the trust agreement signed
Mr. Cui
Are you kidding me?
You have to sue yourself
A-list popular actress Lan Kexin is your lover
You want to help your wife take you and your lover to court
The appeal is to remove you from your job
Then ask Lan Kexin to publicly apologize to your wife
Did I misunderstand?
Yes it is
Are you sure? Make sure to sign it
Your eyes are on your head
Oh, right, sorry, sorry.
Where do you put your paws?
I didn't mean to.
Besides, didn't you hit me first? Which eye did you see me hit you first?
Show me the evidence, sorry.
He doesn't seem to remember me.
To my needs